# MUG-2025-03-11-Advent-of-Code

Not sure exactly when we will discuss this.  We think at the March 11th
meeting.  That's how we named the repo.  The problems are from the [2024 Advent
of Code](https://adventofcode.com/2024).  The goal is to talk about languages.
The structure of the repo reflects this.  There's a directory for each
language.  **Everyone** is encouraged to participate.  Fork, make an
implementation, send us a Pull Request.  Just because someone else has already
used a given language, don't let that stop you.  Inside each language
directory, there is a directory for each contributor, then dayN subfolders for
the individual problems.

Your PR should be in the right language directory.  It should use or create a
subfolder for you; name it with your GitHub username.  Having tests is great!
Advent of Code problems all come with small sets of sample data as part of the
problem description.  If you **do** have tests, use that data.  Comments are
great!  How did you solve it?  Why did you use the techniques you used?  What
were the gotchas?  What could have been better?  What are you particularly
proud of?  If at all possible, your program(s) should be runnable.  It might
reasonably require a person to install the appropriate compiler or interpreter
to do it.  If it needs an explanation to run it, or a URL to the needed
compiler or interpreter, provide a README.  **Do** include the sample data from
the problem description.  **Don't** include the real data the web-site gave you
(which is unique to you anyway).  See below for some restrictions.  Add a
.gitignore if that's helpful to you. Solve the Day 1 problems.  If you like,
solve other days, too.

In the particular implementations that I wrote, to focus on the problems, I
avoided command-line arguments.  My programs read the data from stdin.  Doing
command-line parsing makes your programs bigger, but might be interesting!  You
do what you feel is right.

I will now quote from the [Advent of Code About Page](https://adventofcode.com/2024/about):

> Can I copy/redistribute part of Advent of Code?
>
> Please don't. Advent of Code is free to use, not free to copy. If you're
> posting a code repository somewhere, please don't include parts of Advent of
> Code like the puzzle text or your inputs. If you're making a website, please
> don't make it look like Advent of Code or name it something similar.

This is about languages, and techniques, and how people are different, and
having fun!
